For Bun integration, Recommend Hive GW CLI (#6074)
graphql-hive/console: packages/web/docs/src/pages/docs/gateway/deployment/runtimes/bun.mdx

and it supports Fetch API as a first class citizen. So the configuration is really simple like any
other JS runtime with Hive Gateway;

## Hive Gateway CLI

> You can follow the introduction page directly to use Hive Gateway CLI. [See here](/docs/gateway)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the introduction page directly to [use Hive Gateway CLI](/docs/gateway#installation).
```

Maybe we should point directly to the instructions?

> Since Bun has the compatibility layer for Node.js, even Node specific features are available in Bun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Bun has the compatibility layer for Node.js, all Node specific features are available in Bun.
```

I guess?

> Since Bun has the compatibility layer for Node.js, all Node specific features are available in Bun.

Reviewer 2: That's kinda correct, but I think we don't have a decision to promote Bun as the recommended runtime?

Author: This is Bun's page, so we don't recommend it but we say you can use Hive Gateway CLI with Bun. Previously it was just runtime.

> ## Hive Gateway Runtime (advanced-only)

Reviewer 3: Why do we claim that the programmatic API is for advance usecases an only to be used if "you know what you're doing"?

Its completely ok and really not that advanced to use the prog. API.

Author: I copied what we have in Node.js page

Author: Removed (Advanced)
